Fix typos (#814)
SleipnirGroup/Choreo: docs/choreolib/auto-routines.md

          new ConditionalCommand(
              deadline(m1ToS1, aim()).andThen(shootIfGp()),
              deadline(m1ToM2, intake()).andThen(deadline(m2ToS1, aim()), shootIfGp()),

>               yeGp() // if you arent using the triggers API these wouldnt need a custom loop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              yeGp() // if you aren't using the triggers API these wouldn't need a custom loop
```
